HELP:
To kill the port: netstat -ano | findstr :4200, taskkill /PID <PID> /F
These comand is for create a plane module: ng g m shared/shared --flat

to start the app in different port : ng --port = 4100
to start the app ina local network use : ng s --host = 0.0.0.0 -- port = 4200

assests: import all the static resources necessary. Font, Style, Icons, etc.
dataset: Data dummies
brand color: Establish color variables. Fonts, Borders, Colors, etc.
scaffolding: is the process of generating a generic application with features that are common to most modern applications. It can help you start a project quickly so you can focus on building the business logic for your project.
        -> Structure of archive to work better. 
Design Logic: - Auth - Home - Tracks - History - Favorites
Modules: Angular applications are modular and Angular has its own modularity system called NgModules. 
NgModules:  is a fundamental building block that organizes an application into cohesive blocks of functionality. Each NgModule serves as a container for a related set of Angular components, services, directives, and pipes, and helps structure the app into distinct and reusable units.

Route ( app-routing.module ... -> https://)
  |
  Componen (Contain: .cdd, .html, .ts, spect.ts)
    

modules: -routes - components - services - pipes - ...
            - tracks - history - favorites

ng g m modules/Auth --routing : these command create the module of Auth and the section of --routing specify that these module with manipulation of routes

Routes: 
    -> LazyLoading, optimization app By default.
    NgModules are eagerly loaded. 
    This means that as soon as the application loads, so do all the NgModules, whether they are immediately necessary or not. 
    For large applications with lots of routes, consider lazy loading —a design pattern that loads NgModules as needed. 
    Lazy loading helps keep initial bundle sizes smaller, which in turn helps decrease load times.

Alias --- Path: This can hel to give a short name. @core, @modules...